"The Art of living is more like wresting than dancing, because an artful life requires being prepared to meet and withstand sudden and unexpected attacks " - Marcus Aurelius, Meditations, 7.61

##### What did I accomplish yesterday?
- Began investigating upgrading zmigrate
	- perhaps adding --dry-run feature 
	- Had call with david to go through rem,oval
##### What will I do today?
- Continue removal work
	- Keep parts of `iaas-vm-server` in order for vm-injection to work
	- state stuff can go
	- bootstrap iaas to see if it is still used
	- Hooks are pre start/post stop scripts
- Continuous Operations Develop powerpoint
- Change NCR password



--- Progress --- 

- Is `vm_statE_server.py` still being used?
- What are these `n.tpl` files?
- `zmigrate status` is pretty slow, is there a way to speed it up?
- What is the relation between master and cluster docs??

- does migrating form the non running side count ass success on the zcc side.
- I would like to improve `zmigrate`'s logging of the remote migrations and the overall results.
	- take remote logging, process, append to te results table rather than having separate tables.
- when a vm is primary on the remote side but put running, ZCC does not show the side that the VM will start on
--- zmigrate call ---

- Call with Oliver Nock and Richard Earl
- actual migration itself, migration of domain, instead of when zmigrate is requested
- migrating state in `pyxlz` key, matching starting state etc.
	- pyxlz keys is just a target that pyxlz attempts to achieve (in xenstore)
	- daemon loops, sees keys, spawns threads, attempt to achieve thread
- could abstract to when pyxlzd daemon receives this command
- or when zcc issues command on zcc side of things
- can we use a two state approach to have `migrate requested`, when actual migrate happens, change to `migrating`, `not migrating`
- migrate pending already exists in zcc backend?
- 


--- create d-sds cluster for development---
- use any node cluster you want, david used vHPOS cluster
- Variaous edge instances (top of simons diagram) that e can deploy against
- go to **[https://dev0.edge-preprod.dev/register](https://dev0.edge-preprod.dev/register)** sign up using NCR account.
- organisation = edge-dev0-retail-gmi062
- Dev process = as things are merged in, they ascend through levels of dev icp to production.
- Set up config with edge so that when we install the system, it will automatically install
- manually install the master node, can autoinstall workers via configs being pushed
- `chip` is a hypervison/server, 'out' vms are 4/5/6
- [https://git.dev.zynstra.com/zynstra-dev/spaceballs-wiki/-/wikis/IEN-Environments](https://git.dev.zynstra.com/zynstra-dev/spaceballs-wiki/-/wikis/IEN-Environments)
- need to be added to banner (simon rankine)
- register system against edge to generate private key-pair to use to autenticate against edge, which will pull info to bootstrap edge
- there is a script to do that (ask David)
- Banners are logically grouped stores e.g. Tesco Extra
- Disable bootstrap acknowledgement.
- Just need to copy and paste config into bash script
	- its obvious 
	- Gateway - subway appended with 1.1
--- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- 
- visrsh something something
- the IEN ISO should be specified in the config
- ssh into address of the server of the control plane
- run the IEN bootstrap cli, ask for activation code
- would've been node listed in the edge ui, find activation code, copy insto install interface, click y through install
- once rebooted, switch back bootorder to be back to qemu disk, oncee booted back in you have control nodes
- if you configure, disable bootstrap acknowledgement, and enable activation code relay, then it should push out config to worker nodes.